So let's have a focus on the 97 campaign.
This is the devolution campaign.
The devolution campaign.
What are your recollections of that?
Well, I was...
When Blair formed his first government,
he asked me to be the minister for post-16 education training
and regional development agencies.
And so I worked with David Blunkett, who was Secretary of State for Education.
And I mean, essentially, I was university's minister
because we had to take through...
I had to take through the first tuition fees bill.
And I've still got the scars on my back to prove it.
And Blunkett called me in very early on in...
not long after we'd come to government.
He said, you know all about this devolution stuff.
He said, you and Straw, I know you two were working on this
when you were on the Shadow on the First Team.
I said, yeah, I was.
And he said, well, listen, I'm not going to go to this bloody...
this cabinet committee to draw up the Scottish and Welsh settlements.
You've got to go.
I said, I'm going to take this tuition fees bill.
We had a big row about it.
And he said, no, no, you do it.
So I turned up and I think I was the only person at that meeting
that wasn't in the cabinet because it was a cabinet committee meeting.
And it was chaired by Derry Irving, Lord Irving.
And when he wasn't chaired, Jack Straw was chaired.
And Representative Wales and his kind of brief sojourn in that post
was none other than Ron Davis.
And every single meeting there was blood on the walls.
It was...I mean, you know, this was really rough stuff.
And it went on for a very long time.
And in the meantime, Blair was an absolute...
I mean, a real fanatic for devolution.
I mean, he was absolutely convinced that this was, you know,
this had to be pushed through.
And believe me, Blair, when he got messianic about something,
was quite a force.
And so everyone was expected to do their bit.
And we did.
I mean, it wasn't so bad for me, but for people like Paul Murphy
and Ron Davis and all these people who were so vociferously
opposing it, you know, chin-neck, right?
You know, suddenly they're all on their feet saying,
what a great thing it is.
And I always find that a bit strange, I must say.
But I'm saying that it was a great thing.
And having said that, I think it was a pretty good campaign
because the money initially was on us losing the vote.
And it was a pretty close thing in the end, as you know.